Mom's name
It's not your mother. It's
Garden I listen to you
Come and accompany Xiaoqi more
OK
Xiaoqi's mother will accompany you to write
You don't say mom I don't want you to write
You little bastard
Unfamiliar eyes
Didn't you say my mother Xiaojing?
Don't make a fuss
In July, it was also my fault that I was busy with work before.
Neglected Xiaoqin
Otherwise, I will go to your company and be your secretary.
It makes it easier for me to take care of you both
I don't need your care
You go back first
Tingyue I do this
It's just because I want to make up for my debt to Xiaoji
By the way, it can also enhance our relationship
I still have work to do
You can go to Assistant Du about this.
OK, go after it.